[Music]
at the beginning she gave me things
perfect balance perfect sleep she wants
to get inside of me I can feel her she
can see me
[Music]
when you dance the dance of another you
make yourself in the image of its
creator I feel like I'm not even here
you don't like sink I love the way she
transmits her work you have to decide
what is it you want to be for this
company there's more in that building
than what you can see doctor
you are living this dangerous people
three mothers play God the tavern
Naza Tenenbaum maserati marvel mother
cecelio darkness inside
you're making some kind of deal with
them
[Music]
Oh
the one that's coming dear mr. core
three days ago my son Bailey was taken
by wolves no one in the village will
hunt them my husband will come home from
the war soon I must have something to
show him so you come to kill you to kill
the one that took him I came to help if
I can
to explain this if I can it's not the
first time people died out there
hillside mrs. Hart with pieces of bodies
[Music]
that's what you get when you talk to the
villagers people are dying it's real
enough Livas does it das you're the one
font my boy
yes be a race today I have no questions
were
ever seen anything like this before
behavioral turn the savaging no I'm not
talking about animals here mr. core well
if you say so
[Applause]
[Music]
find it killi killi
[Applause]
[Music]
making a very revenge wait Robin where's
your husband it tears and the soul
where's your brother yeah but it can
also be a weapon
I'm done with running and I'm sick of
hating how ice making decisions and
whatever course you are charting I
choose you my husband
we need a new night scope on Robert the
Bruce is enough for any man or woman who
would give shelter to him or his ranks
is to be executed without trial
the people are desperate for justice I
serve Robert Bruce join us career
[Applause]
how fifty men to fight the strongest
this is how he did
take the Lombok castle by castle
goodbye for God
[Music]
for culturing
but funnily
I do not care
so long as you buy
you
[Music]
where were you and it happened sweeping
I know what I was doing when it happened
[Laughter]
you're never supposed to be here I was
just supposed to be me
[Music]
I'm gonna tell you a story about a ghost
a werewolf and a pretty shitty pizza
place it all started when the werewolf
came back to town pizza delivery boy was
murdered while making a routine delivery
kingfisher Chronicle can ask you a few
questions find the wolf you'll find your
court denying ghost involvement the
killing of Sean hammerschmidt
looks like I'm going on a wolf hunt
tonight
what the does that have to do with
pizza your pizza place is a gateway to
help wait so you tell me my pizza place
is built on a gateway to hell I've been
saying that what never damn there's
nothing you should have ended a long
time ago
[Music]
oh god damn what's wrong with you
one of the things that a kid to all of
us early on is they have a superhero
universe why can't we do that in the
horror well when we were making the
first conjuring it became very apparent
to us that there could be a bigger
universe so many other great stories
that would be awesome to look into there
is this established timeline how they
all pieced together in Annabelle
creation we find out about how origin
every time that doll appears on screen
people react people just love her
the conjuring movies I've got such
strong characters in them with Lorraine
and Ed Warren when we made conjuring 2
people really loved the nun character
with the nun we're going right back to
where it all began
it's the origins of the demonic entity
that will be haunting the Warrens
encountering - I can create something
that builds in that country and universe
but is also fresh and unexpected skills
are different than anything you've seen
in the other conjuring universe movie
it's a completely different environment
as a fan I want to see all the different
stories
so teach what are the test results Teddy
you my friend are dyslexic you also have
this calcula that's what I got
we're not done you also have a
processing disorder I got a touch of
prostate cancer she didn't touch my ass
one time boy welcome to night school
we need to cramp four years of high
school into a semester I think his mama
breastfed him being in the conventional
way just isn't gonna get it done why we
in ring with the square root of 81
what 81 this woman is a brick wall you
either pass the midterm or you out of my
class what else to test you want to
explain to me how you got a perfect
score I know I didn't get a perfect
score because I've missed a few on
purpose snitches are what I'm
going to work come to get you chicken
from the Lord
petty hey suit you got all its dermis
hey I am where I'm supposed to be at a
fast food point next to a strip club
rusty in the right spot
I could smell cocoa butter and fried
chicken at the same time
you can get out my way
[Music]
ready to get started I'm not playing
with you with the capital Belgian
waffles you starting to force my hand
water is comprised of rain you got it
right Betty what's that smell
now that's a gas you bust ass in my face
it's in my mouth excuse me I'd like to
open up an account well great what type
of account do you have in mind this kind
this kind
[Music]
they excuse me need some help good let
me take a look you know anything about
cars no not really
[Applause]
so what about you what did she say to
you well that's a secret ever is
that
spent his whole life locked up so for
the times that he broke out he broke out
of San Quentin and eight vote sixteen
successful escapes there's somebody sure
told me quit ones in well you find
something you love
[Music]
it's big real big our nose how much they
got that truck
you think we can pull it off yeah I
think we can probably do it probably
we're gonna be 67 years old I'm gonna
start thinking about my future so how
did the same three guys get away with
all that well haven't gotten away with
that they haven't been caught yet step
on it
just one way stretch out my arms and
cried
just one day guy with a gun I just got
him a funny story
you can catch him myself I hope I get
the chance
ever wonder what I'm doing or where I'm
going I just think of myself as that
little kid I was now what he'd been
proud of me
what is he proud of you rebel boy he's
getting closer every day
[Music]
all that we have divided in three our
kingdom it is a fast intent to shake all
cares and business my age conferring the
money younger strengths what can you say
to draw a third more opulent than your
sisters nothing my lord nothing will
come of nothing speak again where's my
daughter by day and night he wrongs me
every hour he flashes into one gross
crime although that sets us all at odds
of not into it who is it that then tell
me who I am why not by the handsome
however my offended
should be rules and lived by some
discretion that discerns your state
thou art my daughter motherland disease
that's it night let's fly brother
[Music]
here I stand the slave before infirm we
could displace don't
two times you lose
case
[Music]
I am a man more sinned against than
sinning
better though that's not been born and
not off pleased me better
the IV what what the oh my god mom no
don't
[Music]
oh my god I can't believe it hi mom